6. Sales Tax
    
    Write a program that will ask the user to enter the amount of a purchase. The program
    should then compute the state and county sales tax. Assume the state sales tax is 4 percent
    and the county sales tax is 2 percent. The program should display the amount of the pur-
    chase, the state sales tax, the county sales tax, the total sales tax, and the total of the sale
    (which is the sum of the amount of purchase plus the total sales tax).
    Hint: use the value 0.02 to represent 2 percent, and 0.04 to represent 4 percent.

    
7. Miles-per-Gallon

    A car’s miles-per-gallon (MPG) can be calculated with the following formula:
    MPG = Miles driven / Gallons of gas used
    Write a program that asks the user for the number of miles driven and the gallons of gas
    used. It should calculate the car’s MPG and display the result.

    
8. Tip, Tax, and Total

    Write a program that calculates the total amount of a meal purchased at a restaurant. The
    program should ask the user to enter the charge for the food, and then calculate the amount
    of a 15 percent tip and 7 percent sales tax. Display each of these amounts and the total.


9. Celsius to Fahrenheit Temperature Converter

    Write a program that converts Celsius temperatures to Fahrenheit temperatures. The for-
    mula is as follows:

         9
         -
    F =  5C + 32
    
    The program should ask the user to enter a temperature in Celsius, and then display the
    temperature converted to Fahrenheit.
    
    
10. Stock Transaction Program

    Last month Joe purchased some stock in Acme Software, Inc. Here are the details of the
    purchase:

    • The number of shares that Joe purchased was 1,000.
    • When Joe purchased the stock, he paid $32.87 per share.
    • Joe paid his stockbroker a commission that amounted to 2 percent of the amount he paid
    for the stock.

    Two weeks later Joe sold the stock. Here are the details of the sale:
    
    • The number of shares that Joe sold was 1,000.
    • He sold the stock for $33.92 per share.
    • He paid his stockbroker another commission that amounted to 2 percent of the amount
    he received for the stock.

Write a program that displays the following information:

    • The amount of money Joe paid for the stock.
    • The amount of commission Joe paid his broker when he bought the stock.
    • The amount that Joe sold the stock for.
    • The amount of commission Joe paid his broker when he sold the stock.
    • Display the amount of money that Joe had left when he sold the stock and paid his
    broker (both times). If this amount is positive, then Joe made a profit. If the amount is
    negative, then Joe lost money.

